there is a place between dimensions between
worlds for some is the outside for
others is the unknown
for the majority however it is the void
Despite its name, it is not a place
low but the home of things
unspeakable mistakes too terrible
for the minds of men although this
knowledge was lost long ago there
who inadvertently discovers what
that is hidden beyond and is incapable of
escape
casarin is that creature
He was once a man who was forced
to contemplate the face of emptiness and it remained
accepted forever by what he saw
it was a seeker of forbidden knowledge but
he discovered that what he craved
little to do with what I imagined
It is one of the few that has reached
the forgotten and katia and has lived for
tell it by following the tiny clues
hidden in ancient texts
inside a cyclopean city in
cassady decadence found me secrets
who will never share secrets that have
made tremble with terror before
visions that were imposed on him how much
was going to happen in the future
the power of that place threatened
consume it but home who took the only
available route if you wanted to survive
He let the emptiness enter him
miraculously he could overcome the
strange impulses that accompanied the
empty and emerged as something more than a
mere human
although part of him died that day he knows
that must protect value of beings
they scratch the doors anxious company
to enter and unleash the torment
ah